you know Americans complain a lot about
Congress but I wonder do we really know
what we're complaining about do we even
know who we are complaining about so
today we came up with a game to find out
we went on the street we said name a
member of Congress and we'll give you a
cookie
and here's how that way
name a member of Congress and I'll give
you a cookie name a member of Congress
I'll give you a cookie
John Spicer named a member of Congress
and I'll give you that cookie Barbara
Barbara
[Music]
name a member of Congress I'll give you
a cookie name of Vin Diesel movie I'll
give you a half a cookie that's in the
various classic name a member of
Congress I'll give you a cookie
john gilbert named one of the rice
krispies guys and i'll give you half a
cookie rice krispies guys snap the name
of a member of congress why are you
gonna ask me a question like that okay
how about this
alright name an adult website and i'll
give you half a cookie gratitude maybe a
member of congress I'll give you a
cookie Oh
[Music]
how about this name a branch of
government and I'll give you half a
cookie u.s. army okay
the vice-president I'll give you a
quarter cookie oh I don't even know I
didn't invoke him all right let me see
that booby tattoo and I'll give you a
piece of a cookie
[Applause]
[Music]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you like that
click the subscribe button below and
good things will happen
forever